Add changelog of e5.5.1 (#2375)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/changes/changes-ce-v5.md

- [#12606](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/12606) The Prometheus API experienced crashes when the specified SSL certificate file did not exist in the given path. Now, when an SSL certificate file is missing, the `emqx_cert_expiry_at` metric will report a value of 0, indicating the non-existence of the certificate.

> - [#12620](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/12620) Redacted authorization headers to exclude basic authorization credentials from `debug` level logs in the HTTP Server connector, mitigating potential security risks.

Reviewer: It's not just basic authorization, we redact all kinds of credentials.
```suggestion
- [#12620](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/12620) Redacted sensitive information in HTTP headers to exclude authentication and authorization credentials from `debug` level logs in the HTTP Server connector, mitigating potential security risks.
```

- [#12606](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/12606) The Prometheus API experienced crashes when the specified SSL certificate file did not exist in the given path. Now, when an SSL certificate file is missing, the `emqx_cert_expiry_at` metric will report a value of 0, indicating the non-existence of the certificate.

> - [#12620](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/12620) Fixed an issue when sensitive headers for HTTP connector may be printed in the `debug` level log.

Reviewer 2: This one seems to describe a similar issue as in #12542. Are they duplicated?

Reviewer: @Meggielqk Good point. #12620 is a more general fix for the same issue. I suggest to leave just that one in the changelog and remove #12542.
